# Task 4 - Open Trivia DB App

# Description
This is an app that provide a list of question to allow user to answer it. The question are from the Open Trivia DB Api. From the main page, user will have to wait for the category list loading from the Api. After loading finish, the loading progress bar will gone and user can view all the category from a drop down list/Spinner. User can select one of the category from the drop down list. User can select also the default category which means that it will return question from random category.

User can select difficulty from Easy, Medium or Hard which will display only that kind of difficulty question to user and if the user had select the Default for difficulty, the question will be randomly choose from the question list. So same as the type can be select from Mulitple question or Boolean type question and if user select default value and it will return random question from multiple question and booelan type question.

For the main page of the apps, at the first will have a loading progress to load the category name from the api into a spinner and after finish loading the loading progress will disappear and user can select the spinner to see all available category to be selected. The "Next" button also will change to become clickable for user to click on it. Then user can select for the difficulty and also the type of the question. After finish selecting the criteria, user can select the button "Next" to proceed to the question. For the main page, there will be a "View Question Count" to allow user to click on it. It will link user to view total question count on different category by their difficulty.

So for the question page, it will have a little loading progress in the card view when getting question from the Api. After successful retrieve the question, the loading progress will gone and the question and the difficulty of the question will show in a card view. There will be a color to represent the difficulty of the question which is green for Easy, orange for Medium and lastly red for Hard. So when the user select the answer below the card view, it will display immediately to tell the user whether the answer selected is correct or incorrect by using color which green represent correct and red color will represent wrong answer. 

And if there is a boolean question will only display two button to allow user to click while multiple question will provide four button to allow user to click. Lastly to mention that the question for the same category will not be repeated to ask unless the question for that category has finished and exhausted. It will repeated immediately by no need any user interaction. If the question not found in those criteria, the app will display an error message and ask user to refine the criteria and return to the main page.
